docs: add sandbox and ensv2readiness (#2103)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/integration-options/enssdk/example.mdx

---
title: ⚡ Interactive enssdk example
description: Edit and run the enssdk-example script against a live ENSNode endpoint in your browser.
tableOfContents: false
sidebarDocked: true
sidebar:
  order: 2
---

import EnssdkExampleInteractivePlayground from "@components/organisms/EnssdkExampleInteractivePlayground";

This playground loads the same source as [`enssdk-example`](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/examples/enssdk-example): a TypeScript script that queries the `eth` domain and lists its first 20 subdomains via [`enssdk`](/docs/integrate/integration-options/enssdk) and the [ENS Omnigraph API](/docs/integrate/omnigraph).

> :::note[First load may take a moment]
> The editor runs entirely in your browser. The editor runs entirely in your browser. Downloading of **enssdk** and heavy dependencies may take 30-60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[First load may take a few minutes]
The embedded StackBlitz editor runs entirely in your browser. Downloading and installing all npm packages may take a few minutes. Watch the install progress in the terminal of the StackBlitz editor.
```

:::

> You can edit the script and run **`npm start`** in the terminal to run it again.

Author: nope, this is inside playground example of stackblitz and it have npm
